Improve Get Started and fix Add Your First Feature (#804)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/projects/fps/tutorial.md

You may notice that `Position` and `Metadata` appear in the entity template of _every_ entity type. This is because these are standard library components that SpatialOS expects. (Note that `Persistence` is another standard library component but this is optional.)

> Additionally, add the following line at the top of the file to ensure that the `Pickups` namespace can be resolved:

Author: Further to this PR, I am going to re-write the tutorial in order to delineate between information and calls to action.

```csharp
using Pickups;
```

> <%(#Expandable title="What are the 'well-known components' (Position, Metadata, Persistence) used for?")%>The SpatialOS 'well-known components' are for information that are almost always necessary on each entity.

Author: ack

This is because the FPS Starter Project uses the GDK GameObject Creation package as part of the MonoBehaviour workflow. To find out more you can read up about the [MonoBehaviour workflow]({{urlRoot}}/content/intro-workflows-spatialos-entities).<%(/Expandable)%>

> <%(#Expandable title="What's the best way to create a prefab?")%>Prefabs are the Unity Engine approach for creating templates of GameObject hierarchies. [Creating Prefabs (Unity Documentation)](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/CreatingPrefabs.html) explains how to create one.

Reviewer: We can safely ditch the "(Unity Documentation)" addition going forward, if we want to - we now have a lovely icon. Can leave it in if we want.

Reviewer: No need to ditch it here - but just while I remember.

![A GIF showing the steps to enable the health bar UI]({{assetRoot}}assets/health-pickups-tutorial/health-bar-enable.gif)
<%(/Expandable)%>

> <%(#Expandable title="2. Build your workers.")%>Select **SpatialOS** > **Build For Local** > **UnityClient**.

Reviewer: <3

This is necessary because you have modified the code for the workers. If you are running your workers from within your Unity Editor a build is not necessary, however in a moment we will launch a built-out client-worker. Building the workers is therefore essential.<%(/Expandable)%>

> <%(#Expandable title="3. Launch a local deployment.")%>From the **SpatialOS** menu, select **Local launch**. This will open a terminal which will notify you when the deployment is up and running.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<%(#Expandable title="3. Launch a local deployment.")%>From the **SpatialOS** menu, select **Local launch**. This opens a terminal which notifies you when the deployment is up and running.<br>
```

I know it's not your text - we try to avoid predictions about the future and make them statements of ever-present fact. :-)
